---
title: The New Site!
author: Maple
layout: blogpage
icon:
desc: Everyone can rejoice, I finally my personal website! (Though it is still a little bland and rough around the edges)
---
I don't have that much to write, though I figured I'd write something about the new website.

I've been wanting to make myself a personal website for quite a while now, ever since I worked on the NCX Programming
website. The reason I never got this far is that every single time I would have an idea for a layout or style for my
website, I didn't immediately know how to make it happen and every time that would take my motivation away completely.

You may ask yourself "What was different this time?", and I don't think I could tell you. I threw on some chill music,
opened RubyMine, and just got to work. I had found this cool project called "98.css" which is a framework to make websites
with elements from Windows 98. After finding that, I looked at their GitHub and found that there existed a fully compatible
version of it called "XP.css" which adds exactly what you are thinking; Windows XP elements to your website.

Once I got the sudden motivation to try again in making my website, I really wanted to use the Windows XP components that
XP.css offered. This time, I figured out how to make a site layout that actually *works* and threw in some windows and boom!
I had successfully made the base for my website! Most of what I had already written was quite easy to change to use XP
styling, though one area gave me quite some difficulty.

The area that gave me difficulty was the blog. Now, I had originally just copied the blog that I had made for the
<a href="https://ncxprogramming.com">NCX Programming</a> site, but it didn't move cleanly *at all*. I had to fight with
it some before realising I just needed to start the page from scratch. After I realised that, I figured out a neat way
to display the blog posts using the Windows XP windows. One thing I debated, and am still debating, is whether to
include images on the blog page like the original design or to forgo having the images entirely. For now, I'll just toy
around with adding images in various ways. One issue that I still have not figured out (as of writing) is why on the
blog page the navigation window can't be interacted with, so hopefully I figure that out.

I think that about wraps up what I have to say, so see you later!